README.md, before:

# urika

## Sources

+ File [background.jpg](../master/html/images/background.jpg): [Nationalpark Jasmund](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:2019_-_Nationalpark_Jasmund_-_03.jpg) by [Moahim](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Moahim) under the Creative Commons [Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/deed.en) license.
+ File [power.png](../master/html/icons/power.png): [Gnome system shutdown](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Gnome-system-shutdown.svg) by [GNOME Project](https://www.gnome.org/) under the Creative Commons [Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en) license.
+ File [settings.png](../master/html/icons/settings.png): [Gnome applications utilities](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Gnome-applications-utilities.svg) by [GNOME Project](https://www.gnome.org/) under the Creative Commons [Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en) license.
+ File [terminal.png](../master/html/icons/terminal.png): [Gnome utilities terminal](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Gnome-utilities-terminal.svg) by [GNOME Project](https://www.gnome.org/) under the Creative Commons [Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en) license.

Commit message:

adding setup details in readme

README.md, after:

# urika

## Setup

To setup the entertainment system you need a minimal debian 10 fresh installation (it might work on other debian-like distribution but hasn't been tested).
Setup the network and clone the git repository.
If you're having difficulties to setup your network, transfer it to your computer with a USB stick, there'll be a wizard to help you set it up.

## Sources

+ File [background.jpg](../master/html/images/background.jpg): [Nationalpark Jasmund](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:2019_-_Nationalpark_Jasmund_-_03.jpg) by [Moahim](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Moahim) under the Creative Commons [Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/deed.en) license.
+ File [power.png](../master/html/icons/power.png): [Gnome system shutdown](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Gnome-system-shutdown.svg) by [GNOME Project](https://www.gnome.org/) under the Creative Commons [Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en) license.
+ File [settings.png](../master/html/icons/settings.png): [Gnome applications utilities](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Gnome-applications-utilities.svg) by [GNOME Project](https://www.gnome.org/) under the Creative Commons [Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en) license.
+ File [terminal.png](../master/html/icons/terminal.png): [Gnome utilities terminal](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Gnome-utilities-terminal.svg) by [GNOME Project](https://www.gnome.org/) under the Creative Commons [Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en) license.
